heartily congratulate all of you my dear
happy christmas everyone
the year when we get in touch with it
holiday and try to penetrate
the meaning of the event in honor of which this
holiday set then we can
to testify
that come into contact with the mystery of schooling
birth of god flock occurrence of god in
human story about it
wonderful say said john
Zlatoust
god made man without ceasing
God be the one who did not hold
the universe is contained if indeed
incomparable universe god god creator of the world
the creator of being all around us
becomes one of us enters the flesh and
blood of human history and the very
start it is incomprehensible and events by
differently perceived by people alone
met him with joy hopefully
With love, these were Wifley Omsk and shepherds
these were oriental wise men these were those
who surrounded the savior the virgin mary
Joseph's handcuff and probably there were still people
who are open-hearted with pure
the heart looked at the baby wonderfully
born bethlehem cave
but were you see who didn't start off
adopted christ
the very people who didn't let the virgin
Joseph Handcuff Mary
under the roof are those who have no place for
they did not want to let them promise these
people make these people hard
somewhere to place did not disturb their peace
or the rooms of the guests did not create
difficulties did not create some
discomfort for their lives but there were also
other
for whom the birth of the savior was
a kind of challenge not only their well-being
but their power and might and that
the main sinful way of life for
the next two thousand years to ask
almost nothing has changed the world
divided into those who gladly accept
the savior who connects his life with him
who gives his mind his heart to him and
it gives peace peace of joy joy
life on Isa those people who can not
accept the savior because for them it
means
renegotiation habitual rejection
from some ideas that they
roads
close and sometimes making of Christ
requires not only speculative
agreement with the fact of its implementation but
life changes and so many people are not
ready for this change church on
throughout its history
dealt with some of the others and those
who does not accept Christ is not
the enemy of the church is the same brothers and
sisters for which lord came and
christian task church task
is that those who think
yourself unable to believe and accept it
believed and accepted with all my heart realizing
that for their sake lord came but here's another
It taught us the whole story related
merry christmas events around
of this birth if lord was received
shepherds ordinary people it does not mean
whether that
and we have it today
should look not where brilliance and gold
not where power and strength but where
weakness and need
that's why god addressing his
followers and says that
necessary to achieve the kingdom of God
visit patients
visit the prisoners to share their
opportunities with those who need our
help
and this is primarily disabled
aged children and now hope
I would especially like to say these days
we have many children who do not have
parents even with living parents and how
it is important that our people be happy with
special gratitude to god
accepted their families orphans let them not
only shelter and education but also giving them
your love do not stop children from coming
the Lord says to me and that is the word
in a sense
all of us must equip understanding
how significant in the eyes of God
children
precisely in connection with the holiday of Christmas
Christ's
I would like to appeal to all
who can make an important step in life
aimed at establishing children on
keeping orphans take this step in
Our country should not be orphans those who
does not have parents must acquire them
among the good
honest and helpful people let
the blessings of god abides with all
you strengthening each of you on the way
your christian life
but for those who are still approaching
understanding the secret of christmas together with not
im with this secret and to the knowledge of god i
I wish you success in this difficult
but a saving march to meet
the true meaning of life which
revealed to us congenital christ
savior again congratulations to all of you and
god's blessings let it come on
by all of us